Fixing connection error (#1912)
cfug/dio: dio/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Fixing requests failing with unknown instead of connection error on SocketException

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix failing requests throw `DioException`s with `.unknown` instead of `.connectionError` on `SocketException`.
```

## Unreleased

> *None.*

Reviewer 2: This can be removed since you added a change

Author: thank you, i forgot it
